# hello-world

I am a 40 year old homeless shelter case manager. Originally, I was poached to be a homeless veteran case manager, but bureaucracy and unchecked ambition made it to where I spend most my time coaxing people down from drug overdoses, cleaning feces, vomit, urine, and boogers from places that would be inhuman to even reach, and being emotionally terrorized on a day to day basis. So, being 100K in student debt, with a diminishing outlook on humanity, I decided that I would return to the one thing I know and love, computers. My father was a programmer for PGE, and was a main programmer that wrote the code that safely shut down the Trojan Nuclear Power Plant. I learned to read playing King's Quest and Leisure Suit Larry. I learned to code in Basic and DOS on my IBM PC Jr. I was at the fore front of the gaming console revolution as an early adopted of the NES. I prayed to one day become a game developer.

But somewhere, I lost my way. I wound up incarcerated, addicted to drugs, involved in a violent underworld, and homeless. So when i finally sobered up in 2016, I jumped back into computing, but long after the advent of the internet. I thought it would take too much for me to catch up, as kids younger than me were writing code and devloping programs and games that were outside my ability to even use, let alone understand. So I bounced around, and even eventually got my Bachelor's in English, with dreams of being like Robin Williams in Dead Poet's Society (minus the suicide of course). But academia, and society, has become two sets of narrow-minded monocultures, looking to impose their will upon the world, and react violently when their insane demands aren't met. So retreated more and more into my machine.

So after years and years of searching, I decided to give and go for the gusto--learn to code, maybe infosec, or even better yet--game development! SO I found my way here to freeCodeCamp. I am studying for my A+ certification, and hope to someday work in the industry. I doubt anyone will ever read this. But if you find yourself, purusing this sentence, having followed my diatribe this whole time. Thank you. Maybe someday we can code together.

Your's Truly,

Johnny No Bueno
